Hopefully you have now signed up for a digital ocean account once you're at the screen right here.
We're then going to create a new Kubernetes cluster.
So as soon as we create this cluster, that is when you're going to start being billed for some amount
of money.
Just keep that in mind.
If you ever walk away from this course, you do need to come back to this digital ocean dashboard and
terminate the cluster and I'll show you how to do that.
It is very easy.
First, of course, we do have to create the cluster.
So I'm going to find the green create button at the top right hand side and we're going to create a
cluster.
We're then going to be prompted with a series of different questions.
First, Kubernetes version.
You can use any version you see right here.
Best to just leave it at the default.
Next up is the data center region.
Pricing between regions is identical with digital ocean.
I'm pretty sure I could be wrong on that.
At the end of the day, the region that you select doesn't make a big difference.
Just make sure you select something that is physically close to you in the world.
It's just going to reduce latency a little bit as you're trying to work with the cluster.
For VPC network, we can leave that at the default.
And then the only setting here that really makes a difference for us right now is the cluster capacity.
So this is where we are going to add in some number of nodes or essentially virtual machines to run
all of our different pods.
By default, you should see something that says standard nodes right here.
And have the $10 a month option selected.
That's what we want.
We want the $10 a month node selected right here.
We're then going to make sure we have at least three nodes.
You technically can get away with two, but you might have a hard time running our application with
only two nodes.
I would really recommend sticking it with three.
So you can see that we're going to be paying about $30 a month.
Now, you might recall the diagram was showing you just a moment ago.
I said $40 a month over here.
Well, we're going to also pay $10 for a load balancer as well, $10 a month.
That's where the extra $10 comes from.
Then going to go down to the very bottom and we can set a name for our cluster.
You will be given a default name right here.
I do recommend you update it to something that just makes sense to you.
So for me, I'm going to call it simply ticketing.
Well, then go ahead and create the cluster.
And that's pretty much it.
When you first create the cluster, it's going to take some number of minutes for it to first boot up.
So you're going to see a little progress bar up here.
And they're quoting me about 4 minutes or so.
Who knows?
So we're going to take a pause right here and just let this thing do its stuff.
We'll come back the next video once everything is completed, setting up and we're going to make sure
that we can deploy our application to it through a GitHub deployment pipeline.